Hello everyone. Welcome you all to our project.
We are Squadron.
Myself Himanshu.
Abhinav and Poorvaja are our teammates.

Our problem statement is Sentiment Analysis on Covid-19.
During this pandemic the Corona Virus endangers our physical
health, but alongside, social distancing also poses a threat to our
emotional stability. 
Thus, it is crucial to understand public sentiments for COVID-19. 
The proposed solution would provide the analysis of tweets and
visualization of the sentiments to tackle the situation.

So what is Sentimental Analysis.
Sentiment analysis is also known as opinion mining or emotion AI.
It is a Interpretation and classification of emotions such as positive, negative, and neutral ,Within text data using natural language processing.
Sentiment analysis tools allow businesses to identify customers sentiment toward products, brans, or services in online feedback.
Why we do Sentiment analysis.
It Allows us to gain an overview of the wider public opinion behind certain topics.
Sentiment Analysis Can Boost Business. 
Sentiment analysis captures insights for the entertainment industry.
Sentiment analysis acts as a fundamental tool to understand how individuals feel about the topic.

Here we proposed a solution:
This analysis is divided into following :
1. Collecting tweets from twitter.
2. Filter out the data to remove unwanted words from each post.
3. Sentiment classification and analysis.
4. Creating a word cloud.
5. Displaying data on dashboard. 

For This project we used follwing modules.
Tweepy and , Textblob
While filtering out data, we observe that textblob module analyses only engilsh sentences, and if the given string is in another language then it throws it to neutral category,
and there are more than 40% tweets posten in another languages like Hindi,spanish and etc.
To entackle this problem we use another python module called Google trans.

Now lets take a look at our dashboard.
This is a website for sentiment analysis.
we can search any keyword in this search box.
lets search word COVID-19.
we can see now this list, it is a list of most rescent posted tweets in twitter.
Thease are various filters to filter tweets.
Here is the pie chart showing current analysis, word cloud which shows most used words in these tweets.
Thank you for your attension , have a nice day.